add(open-source): troisjs (#21)
vitejs/awesome-vite: README.md

### Open Source

- [VitePress](https://github.com/vuejs/vitepress) (official)

> - [TroisJS](https://github.com/troisjs/trois) - VueJS 3 + ViteJS + ThreeJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TroisJS](https://github.com/troisjs/trois) - Three.js integration with Vite and Vue 3.
```
